hey guys it's everybody's favorite day
what there is it Tuesday and today I'm
joined by very special guest super fruit
is that Alright are either of you
familiar with the concept of Tuesday um
vaguely see how youtubers always answer
people's questions and like none of us
are experts about life or anything
yeah we tend to be bringing the
answering questions we might as well do
it over royalty free tracks and make
them into catchy songs okay for those of
you that don't know we just got our two
fifths of the amazing acapella group
Pentatonix
yes let's go yay filthy ignoramus asked
how to stop eating traffic and feeling
miserable after a breakup the section I
just warm up my vocal chords oh I'm so
step one no more sugar step to hydrate
leave me to watch some TV
indeed yeah but not really okay okay I
know talk about hydration why is that
good for brain hydration is important
because I feel like literally whenever I
like don't feel on I just drink a ton of
water me too
same thing with your singing with it's
always 100 times better if you drink
little damn soul anyone for asks how to
stay positive
yeah how to say positive it's not always
easy to do but if you're in great
company then things are looking up for
you Wow good wine but the hikes was make
some friends
yeah okay next something now you guys
are getting it we gotta move stuff is a
maniac ass for septum piercing emotion
I'm gonna try and figure what's a rough
sounding track whiskey on the
Mississippi there we go are your
backgrounds okay I was real nervous
walking in but the piercer gave me smile
she said here's a needle put it in your
nose and leave it there for a while
does your emotion that wasn't really a
must like ow
oh wow this is sore today
yeah but worth it yeah I had yourself in
pairs god no okay Scott this one's for
you it's easy much easier than septum
yourself over graffiti Jay I'm gonna ask
what is love oh that's worth it
love is when you're with your best
friends and they're here for you to
drink with you and have a lot of fun
that's that's all right I tell you
something I've found I found that the
people who have the hardest time of
Tuesday are musicians really really yeah
the actual musicians I'm like 50
songwriting sessions the last two months
but for some reason yeah
so Kate O'Malley says what was the best
advice you've ever been given by someone
and who was it from
oh I'm okay here we go
I keep leaning for you this will be the
best advice I was given the came to me
was from my sister
her name is Naomi hey he said two things
he's 10 just two things she were add
Tabasco sauce chicken wings okay you're
the buzz yeah I was watching tonight I
don't think he changed yet Tabasco sauce
and chicken wings guy actually my big
sister to give me the best advice um she
said to be honest and be kind hmm
yeah which is tough because it's like I
feel like people are often choosing
between those two things but whether or
not to be kind or demonic world it
allows it to be honest and be kind VG
see love or VG clove never know could be
either we'll never know ass how does one
survive high school high school let's go
below be yourself and do things you like
ah work hard can be really now
yeah God either bring you down because
in two years you'll forget there ever
yeah I feel like we had a lot of anxiety
in high school we were really nerdy but
the thing is we grew into ourselves and
now and I worried about that yeah you
guys are friends in high school
yeah we been friends to be like eight
yeah you guys got anybody else from high
school
oh yeah well Kirstie listen our band and
she was in high school yeah yeah is like
a high school band are you guys from
Glee tell from my hair thank you a
aparts we're not we're alternative yeah
I have a septum yeah
now here's a really special part to
dnesday we're gonna recently just
started awarding people best Tuesday
ever award whoa yeah and you guys are
actually the first and probably only
recipients of this award oh my god
so let me just grab it real quick okay
yeah so the reward is an actual Grammy
whoa beautiful yeah it's from 2014 for
best arrangement instrumental fellas oh
my god wait are we do we get to keep
this yeah you have to share it with the
other members of pentatonix okay here's
here's a real brandy I might just hold
on to it okay i won looks like that
one's picking ablator maybe yeah I'll
also be borrowing your cars okay I
didn't see she she left she took the
audience 100% gone they're lying
yes if you're wondering yes I am so
holding the real-life grinning
not just gotten it for the entire group
pentatonix - congratulations thank you
because much I got more it's got an itch
go ahead and subscribe to their channel
superfruit they post every tuesday says
that is perfect yeah so we did a video
with Nancy he'll watch that check it out
and you guys want more me subscribe to
my channel for new videos every Tuesday
and Thursday
wha-ha have a great day do